Our work is never over.
I have decided in 2020 to run for president.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
I don't know what's better gettin' laid or gettin' paid.
Why, if someone is good in one field can they not be accepted or given the slightest opportunity to express and be creative in other fields?
I refuse to accept other people's ideas of happiness for me. As if there's a 'one size fits all' standard for happiness.
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?
I am God's vessel. But my greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success.
Every time I say something that's extremely truthful out loud, it literally breaks the Internet.
Fashion is merely an opinion. And I've got a lot of opinions.
We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
I ain't here to argue about his facial features. Or here to convert atheists into believers. I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers the way Kathie Lee needed Regis that's the way yall need Jesus.
I know I got angels watchin me from the other side.
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus, that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes, but if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
This dark diction has become America's addiction.
If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
People always say that you can't please everybody. I think that's a cop-out. Why not attempt it? 'Cause think of all the people you will please if you try.
It was a strike against me that I didn't wear baggy jeans and jerseys and that I never hustled, never sold drugs.
But for me to have the opportunity to stand in front of a bunch of executives and present myself, I had to hustle in my own way. I can't tell you how frustrating it was that they didn't get that. No joke - I'd leave meetings crying all the time.
I didn't want to play it boring and safe. I also didn't want to innovate too much. Second albums, man, they're even scarier than first ones.
I'm pretty calculating. I take stuff that I know appeals to people's bad sides and match it up with stuff that appeals to their good sides.
Black people can be the most conservative, the most discriminating. Especially among ourselves. It wasn't white people who said all black men have to wear baggy jeans.
Michael Jordan changed so much in basketball, he took his power to make a difference. It's so much going on in music right now and somebody has to make a difference.
The concept of commercialism in the fashion and art world is looked down upon. You know, just to think, 'What amount of creativity does it take to make something that masses of people like?' And, 'How does creativity apply across the board?'
Fashion breaks my heart.
Thirty-three-years-old, still creating art. It's rage, it's creativity, it's pain, it's hurt, but it's the opportunity to still have my voice get out there through music.
I thank Marc Jacobs so much for giving me the opportunity to design a shoe for Louis Vuitton, but the thing that broke my heart most was when they said, 'You're finished. The shoe's finished.'
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
I was never really good at anything except for the ability to learn.
I can always tell if a band has a British rhythm section due to the gritty production.
I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.
I still think I am the greatest.
Know your worth! People always act like they're doing more for you than you're doing for them.
I am not a fan of books.
